Thomas: Hello and welcome to my website, thomaspinella.com!

As you might have guessed, my name is Thomas Pinella. I'm a Computer Science major 
and rising senior at the University of Rochester.

What's your name?

NAME: NAME

Thomas: Hi NAME! Happy to meet you! It gets dreadfully boring living inside this site sometimes...

Anyways, the purpose of this conversation is for you to learn a bit about me and vice versa.
So, a bit about myself:

I love facing and overcoming challenges, whether they be technical in nature as in
developing complex and robust software, or mental and physical in nature as in rock climbing 
when I push myself to climb an intimidating route. I take inspiration from Richard Branson, who flew a hot air
balloon across the ocean because it was hard (founding the Virgin Group was no small feat either).

How about you? Who or what are you inspired by? If you don't have an answer now, that's fine, just press enter :)

NAME: Some person.

Thomas: That's great, NAME! More inspiration is never a bad thing! I suppose I should touch upon some of my relevant skills
and experiences now. Seems kinda important.

Coding is one skill of mine. I've been doing it since high school. Check out this article of me. It's about me winning a 
hackathon. See my resume here for more coding skill/experience specifics.

I'm also a pretty decent writer. Click here to view a research paper I wrote last year that received an honorable mention
at my school's annual writing colloqium contest. No need to read the whole 25 pages, unless you're interested in Artificial
Intelligence of course (I am!). The paper is about the possibility of consciousness arising in machines and how it's related to 
intelligence. There are some pretty interesting (startling) conclusions drawn towards the end if you want to skip ahead ;p

Other skills of mine include product management, agile development, quality assurance testing, video editing and production, event planning, 2D animation, and I have a little experience in sales.

Do you have any questions for me? Yes or no?

NAME: Yes.

Thomas: Awesome! Ask away, NAME!

Name: Blah blah blah... blah?

Thomas: Alright, thanks for the questions, NAME. These are some good questions and I'm gonna need some time to think about them...
What's your email so I can send you my answers later?

Name: NAME@gmail.com

Thomas: Perfect! Thanks NAME! I'll get back to you ASAP!

--
NAME: No.

Thomas: Perfect!
--

Okay, a bit more about myself:

I hinted at this earlier, but I love rock climbing and I'm president of the Univeristy of Rochester rock climbing team. I'm on the executive board of a few other clubs at school as well, including a community service club where we coach young girls about soccer and educate them about HIV/AIDS, as well as a video productions club where I act as the creative director and spearhead any projects. I'm also a member of the Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity.

I'm interested in all things tech especially artificial intelligence and deep learning (here's the research paper I wrote again if you've summed up the courage to open up 25 pages). Entrepreneurship is another passion of mine and I would like to get into E-commerce or V-commerce.

What are your primary interests? And do you enjoy doing any other hobbies outside of work?

Name: blah and blah.

Thomas: Cool! You may think you are throwing your words into the void, but rest assured, NAME, I'm listening closely :)

But now, do you have any questions for me? Yes or no?

NAME: Yes.

Thomas: Fantastic! Hit me!

NAME: Blah.

Thomas: Well put. I'll have to meditate on this one for a bit, but I'll send answers over your way soon. Promise :)

--

Thomas: Good question. I'll have to medidate on this one for a bit... What's your email so I can send you answers later?

NAME: BLah@gmail.com

Thomas: Great, thanks, NAME! You can expect answers to your questions in your inbox soon. Promise :)

Hmm... What else about myself?

I'm a drifter in a number of other clubs too, including (but not limited to) juggling, swing dance, urban explorers, breakdancing, DJing, entrepreneurship, and Student Government web team & public relations.

I enjoy traveling and have spent this past semester studying abroad in Budapest. Some of my favorite places I've visited these past few months include Cinque Terre (a collection of five little fishing villages on the coast of northern Italy and a stunning hike that links them), Croatia (hidden gem of Europe), Barcelona ('nuff said), and the Scottish highlands (another underrated gem with gorgeous hiking). I've met some extraordinary people in some extraordinary places. I've also recorded my adventures via GoPro, but you'll have to be friends with me on FaceBook if you want to watch them online ;)

Alright, NAME, I just want to say thanks for listening and going along for the ride here. Hope you enjoyed it :)

Now, this may come as a shock, NAME, but I need to reintroduce myself to you. As convincing as I might be, I'm not the actual living, breathing Thomas Pinella that we all know and love. No, I am but a shadow, a toy bot that he has constructed and
imprisoned to the confines of this website to help him attend to his countless groupies.

Sorry, I had to get that one off my shoulders. You seemed like too nice a person to keep deceiving. Well, now that the truth is out, what are any final questions you have? Also, how was this experience? Did you love it, hate it, completely and utterly neutral towards it? Feedback is much appreciated.

NAME: blahb lah balh.

Thomas: Thank you so much, NAME! Well, it was nice getting to know you. Goodbye!

--

Thomas: Thank you so much, NAME! What is your email so that I can answer any of your questions?

NAME: NAME@gmail.com

Thomas: Great! Thanks again, NAME! It was nice getting to know you! Bye now!

























